Sync and corrections by n17t01
www.addic7ed.com
Air and naval
forces of the United States
launched a series of strikes
against terrorist facilities...
Pan Am Flight 103 crashed
into the town of Lockerbie.
He has sanctioned
acts of terror
in Africa, Europe and
the Middle East.
This will not stand, this
aggression against, uh, Kuwait.
This relentless
pursuit of terror.
We will make no distinction...
The USS Cole was attacked
while refueling in
the port of Aden.
This was an act of terrorism.
It was a despicable
and cowardly act.
The next samba
we're going to swing for you
is one of the good old
favorites.
...until something stops him.
I'm just making sure
we don't get hit again.
That plane crashed
into the World Trade Center.
Thousands of people running.
We must and we will remain
vigilant at home and abroad.
What the fuck are you doing?
Fuck!
I missed something once before.
I won't...
I can't let that happen again.
It was ten years ago.
Everyone missed something
that day.
Everyone's not me.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Previously on Homeland...
Why have I never
heard of this guy?
Who? Quinn?
Just check him out.
- Please.
- Okay.
I'm being asked to be part of
an attack on this country.
I'm through.
Brody just blew it up.
The whole operation's dead.
As long as his cover isn't
blown, he's still in play.
Brody. Give me the keys.
I'm trying to keep you
from spending the rest
of your life in a cage.
This deal of ours...
...I think it's a way out
for both of us.
Yes?
I want to explain.
I'm glad you feel that way.
Turn around.
We're leaving.
She knows.
Tighten up the follow
vehicles now.
We cannot afford to lose him.
You say you want another chance.
This is it.
They just grabbed him.
They're loading him
into a helicopter.
We're losing him!
Quinn?
They're gone.
They're... they're gone.
They're just gone!
Go ahead, say it.
It's 12 hours since
we lost Brody.
Eight since
Roya Hammad got back
from wherever they flew him to.
No comment or second opinions
about any of this
at Langley, either.
Terrorist chatter
across all hot zones
virtually nonexistent
right now.
Okay, I'll say it.
He's dead.
We don't know that
for sure, Carrie.
If not physically dead,
operationally dead.
And time's ticking away.
We have to talk about moving on.
The only move we have
is to roll up Roya Hammad.
Unless Brody's not dead,
and is somehow still in play
with the terrorists,
in which case
lifting her burns him.
Be his death sentence.
That's a lot of ifs and maybes.
Agreed.
Just putting all the cards
on the table here.
We've got to bring Roya in.
Let's do it.
Mike, can you do it?
Don't, Saul.
I'm okay.
This is where we
say good-bye, Nicholas.
Forever, if all goes well.
You know I cannot
do this without you.
Yeah.
You have Allah's trust,
and therefore mine.
Allah knows more
than anyone can
how strong you are.
Pray for me.
And you for me.
Hey.
Do you have a pay phone
I could use?
Wait, do I know you
from somewhere?
No, I don't think so.
A pay phone?
Not since last century.
Well, do you have
a cell phone I could borrow?
Hello?
Hey. It's me.
Jesus, where have you been?
Carrie, I need you to go
get my family right away.
Okay, and take them
somewhere safe.
We've been going
out of our minds.
I don't care where.
I don't care what it takes.
Can you please, please
do that for me right now?
Yes. Where are you?
What's been going on?
I'll call you back in an hour,
once it's done.
Well?
Leave Roya in play.
Cancel the lift.
Whoa, whoa, whoa. This man
has been off the radar
the past 12 hours, in the
company of known terrorists.
We need to be extremely
fucking vigilant here.
Um...
- Carrie?
- I... he asked me to...
to move his family
somewhere safe.
He's alive, asking us
to protect his family.
That's a check mark
in the plus column.
Carrie's right.
Stand down the lift team
- on Roya Hammad.
- What number was Brody calling from?
Uh, 443 area code--
a Baltimore cell.
Run that number.
He said he'd call
back in an hour,
once the family's safe.
If there's a threat to them,
what happens next
has to look like
just another day in the burbs.
Yeah, no CIA footprint
anywhere near that neighborhood.
Whoever we send in
has to be somebody
the Brody family
knows and trusts.
Shit.
I'm coming.
Mike.
Jess, don't panic.
Please, just listen.
Do as I say.
Everything's fine, but...
Is it Brody?
- Is he all right?
- No...
- I haven't seen or heard from him in
two days. - The CIA sent me, Jess.
- There's a threat.
- A threat?
What threat? To us?
Well, it's to do with
something Brody's working on
with the CIA, or else it
would be him standing here.
You mean like
a terrorist threat?
It's not specific.
This is just
a precaution, so...
No school for you guys today.
You're going to come with me.
We're coming with you where?
Somewhere safe.
Go get your brother.
Hurry!
This is bullshit.
If my dad wants to move us,
he can come here and
explain it himself.
It's not your dad, Dana;
it's the CIA.
They were the ones
who called me.
Trust me, it's my dad.
Everything that goes wrong
right now is my fucking dad,
- so get out of my room, Mike!
- Hey!
- Get...
- Hey! You don't talk to me like that.
I'm here to help,
and you damn well know it.
I'm not asking,
and nor is the CIA,
so get your shit together
because it's happening,
and it's happening now,
even if I have to
carry you out of here
kicking and screaming.
Hello.
Are they safe yet?
Yes.
Where?
Can't discuss that
on an open line.
Remember where we first met?
And I don't mean your office.
In the rain?
I'll see you there in 30.
Come on.
Shh.
Let's go, man.
Let's go.
The point is, until today,
this look into Quinn that you
and Carrie asked us to do
was feeling like
a big fucking jerk-off.
Everywhere we looked,
he checked out.
Till today?
What happened today?
We tracked down where he lives.
Took a peek into his apartment.
Shit, Virgil.
Told you to check him out,
not break into his apartment.
Show him, Max.
Anti-intrusion devices
everywhere.
Man lives like he's ready
to bounce at a moment's notice.
That's it?
A CIA analyst is
a security-phobe?
His personal life's
a little wanting?
The field office
is one thing, Saul,
but I've never met an analyst
that lives like this.
Do you know what that is?
It's a rifle-cleaning kit.
That pull-through
cable tells me
that it's a rifle
with a long-ass barrel.
A sniper rifle.
Anything else?
One personal item.
We found it tucked away
in the only book that he has.
Her name's Julia Diaz.
Easy to trace
because she's law enforcement.
Philadelphia PD.
Find out what precinct she's
in and get me the address.
Whoa! This is sick.
You're stocked up on groceries
and some half-decent wine.
If you need anything else,
pick up that phone, hit one-one.
We're in the apartments
on either side.
Is there anything else you can
tell me about this threat?
All I know is that your husband
is working with the CIA on it.
It's standard procedure for us
to move the families
of any high-profile people
who are working on operations
like this to safe houses.
Is there a specific threat
to me and my children?
Not that we know of, no.
But we don't take chances.
This is the most secure place
that you can be.
Okay, Jess?
There's a TV in every room.
Every room?
No way.
Yeah. They're all
big-screens, too.
Hey.
Where have you been, Brody?
Where's my family?
They're in DC, safe.
- You have my word.
- Thank you.
Of course.
I thought I was dead, Carrie.
It's really good to see you.
Well, where did they take you
on that helicopter?
I don't know.
40, 45 minutes.
Very fast, very low.
West.
And dark.
Away from any signs
of civilization.
We have to hone in
on all of the details now.
Every little thing.
I was taken to see Abu Nazir.
- What?
- He's here.
Carrie, he's here.
He's in America.
And he's planning an attack.
Wait... Abu Nazir?
How is that even possible?
Jesus Christ!
So they wire you
to the car battery.
What do you do?
I told them to kill me now.
Because...
whatever reason Nazir has
to torture me again is...
Fuck him.
After all I've been
through, fuck him.
You dared him to kill you
right off the bat?
Yeah.
Then what happens?
They leave me there.
They don't turn on the battery.
I just sit there
for a couple hours--
three maybe,
I don't know--
sweating it out.
Then finally the door opens,
and Nazir walks through
with tea.
Tea?
Yeah, the threat of torture
was a test.
And I think this was, too.
We have become unsure of
your commitment to our mission.
"Our mission"?
I don't know anything
about a mission.
I did exactly
what was asked of me--
nothing more, nothing less.
You saved my life in Beirut.
No one asked you to do that.
What is it, Nicholas?
What is troubling you?
I wanted to avenge Issa's death,
not kill innocent civilians.
What if it's the will of Allah?
Neither of us know
the will of Allah.
You taught me that yourself.
Each of us must decide
what we can or cannot do.
So now you must decide.
What is your will, Nicholas?
I tell him my will
is close to breaking.
Did he ask
about your recent...
...specific wavering
with Roya Hammad?
Yes.
And?
I told him I'd underestimated
the love I have for my family.
And the fear for
what would become of
my wife and kids
after I was gone
had blindsided me.
How did Nazir react to
your concern about your family?
Your wife and children
have nothing to fear...
if you stay true to yourself.
A clear threat.
Did he ask you anything else?
No.
Did he say how he got
- into the country?
- No.
Did he say about the why of it?
My choice was simple...
run, hide and wait for death
like a cowering animal,
like Bin Laden;
or die taking the fight
to the enemy.
And the specifics
of this fight are?
Tomorrow afternoon, the
vice president and I
are scheduled to greet the
Special Operations group
returning from Afghanistan.
At Dam Neck Naval Base.
300 soldiers to be reunited
with their families.
Nazir plans
to hit the homecoming.
How the hell
is he gonna do that?
It's a locked-down,
classified event.
All I know is what he told me.
He said he can't
do it without me.
He said I'm essential
to his plan.
And your essential part
in this attack is what?
To convince the vice president
to allow one reporter
to cover the event.
Roya Hammad.
Yes.
Is there anything else?
Allahu Akbar.
No.
That's it.
Wait here, please.
Let's go.
Thoughts?
Peter.
I don't know.
It all feels too easy.
He could be lying;
Nazir could be playing him
to misdirect us,
lead us into a trap.
Saul.
It's possible.
By his own admission,
Brody's in a confused state.
Spent 12 hours
in the company of a man
who has considerable power
over him.
What do you think, Carrie?
I think the symbolism of
murdering 300 American soldiers
in front of
their wives and children
is quintessential Nazir.
It's an idea worthy of him.
Elite troops just back
from killing Muslims
on the battlefield,
just when they think
they're out of harm's way?
So, with that in mind,
if Nazir is planning to use
Roya Hammad to breach the base,
what are we looking at?
There's that trunk
of explosives
they pulled out of
the tailor shop in Gettysburg.
What, 'cause that'd be as simple
as replacing her news crew
with terrorists and launching
a Mumbai-style attack?
Uh, or a combination of the two.
Bottom line is
we can't not
follow up on this, David.
Nazir is in our sights.
We have to play this out.
They don't believe me.
In 90 minutes,
the vice president
will be in your office,
at which point David Estes will
brief the two of you
on these latest developments.
He'll protect your deeper
involvement, of course,
and you'll do your best
to look surprised.
Do you believe me?
I do.
Because that's all
I care about right now.
Different phone, same number.
Think you're the only one
who understands
this fucker needs watching
like a hawk?
How about Carrie?
She understand that, too?
Want to call your family?
No.
I'll just have to lie
to Jessica again.
They're in good hands,
though, right?
Sure.
And tomorrow, all of
this will be over.
Right.
What's that look?
I thought it would be
easier for them
if they were with
someone they knew.
Let me guess...
Mike Faber.
Your call?
My call.
Smart.
I thought so.
Is Dad in the CIA now?
Is he going to have
to leave again?
I don't think so.
All we know is that
he's helping them
with something for now;
it'll be finished soon.
They playing?
You know what, honey?
Can you do me a favor?
Go set the table for
dinner while we wait.
Go on.
I understand
you're angry, Dana.
I'm not angry at you.
In general, then.
Hey, I'm mad
at Brody, too, Dana.
I can only imagine
what it's like for you.
You know, sometimes...
I really just wish
he had never come back
from that stupid war.
Don't say that.
I mean, ever since
he's gotten back,
everything has gone to shit,
and it just keeps getting worse.
We all come back
from that war
with some kind of wound.
Did you?
Sure.
For eight years, I thought
I lost my best friend.
It's like I left him behind
back there.
Table's set, Mom.
- David.
- Sir.
Nick.
Sir.
Little unorthodox.
Mr. Vice President,
we have a situation
that concerns both you
and the congressman,
and not a lot of time.
A few hours ago, we received
intelligence from two separate
sources in Beirut that
Abu Nazir's terrorist network
is planning to attack
the Special Operations group
homecoming at Dam Neck tomorrow.
We've got to divert
the transport,
cancel the event.
Sir, we believe,
with your help,
we have an extremely
high-percentage shot at killing
or capturing the terrorist cell
and stopping the attack cold.
With my help?
This is right in
your wheelhouse, sir.
I'm listening.
It all hangs
on the CNB correspondent
Roya Hammad.
I know her, know her well.
She's interviewed
me several times.
Sir, we believe
she's working with Abu Nazir.
What?
Based on verbal information
from the same assets
on the ground in Beirut.
Roya Hammad's a terrorist?
We believe,
strongly,
that not only is Ms. Hammad
the delivery mechanism
for this attack,
whatever form it may take,
but that she also intends
to film it
for broadcast around the world.
What do you need from me, David?
Officially allow her
the access she's requesting
so that we can monitor
her movements,
catch the entire cell
red-handed
and roll them up before
the attack can actually happen.
Where's the White House on this?
I'll leave that with you, sir.
I'll take care of the director.
What do you think, Nick?
One question, sir.
What happens if
the plan goes wrong?
If this isn't done and dusted
before you leave the residence
for that base tomorrow morning,
then we divert the troop
transport and cancel the event.
Which, I assume, would
blow your entire operation.
Yeah.
Sir, there is one more thing.
What?
We have good reason to believe
that Abu Nazir is here,
in the United States.
How the fuck did that happen?
That can't go further
than this room,
Mr. Vice President.
Get me these terrorists, David.
Yes, sir.
Make the call. Do it now.
Hello?
It's me.
Vice president said yes.
How did you manage
to convince him?
I told him that if he wants
to officially nominate me
as his running mate,
then there'd be
no better time and place
to do it than at the naval base
in front
of the returning troops.
Very clever.
Our friend will be pleased.
Good.
Nicholas?
When the plane lands
at the base,
I'll be with my cameraman.
You should find a way
to be with me.
Do you understand
what I'm saying?
Yes, I do.
See you tomorrow.
That's a bomb.
She just told him how to stay
out of the blast radius.
Stay with the cab.
I want all eyes and ears on her
until this thing's over.
We'll alternate
in six-hour shifts.
I'll take the first one.
That leaves me
with the doom watch.
Okay, so congruent triangles.
Have you ever heard of
the Donkey Theorem?
Okay, give me the book.
We'll look at it.
The capital city
of the most powerful country
in the world.
Yep.
The shit that
goes on out there.
Thank you.
For being here.
That woman was right.
This is only half-decent.
So, I figured you'd take
the guest room.
Oh, I'm good
with the living room couch.
Take the guest room.
The kids will come in with me.
You called for me, sir?
Officer Diaz?
And you are?
Richard Keller.
Good to meet you, Officer.
What can I do for you
today, Mr. Keller?
Richard, please.
Is there somewhere
we could speak in private?
What about?
Your son.
Actually, it's more
about his father,
John Sr.
Who are you?
Really?
IRS?
Come with me.
I haven't seen John
since John Jr. was born,
so that's four years.
But he sends you money?
Am I right?
I've upset you.
I'm sorry.
Occupational hazard.
I'm a cop, sir, not a moron
or a criminal.
So if you're looking to find
some tax beef on me,
write me a letter.
I can go get myself a lawyer,
and we can do this right.
Maybe it's not with you
that we have a discrepancy.
Maybe it's with your husband.
We were never married.
Does he have anything
to do with your son?
Does that have anything
to do with you?
If, uh...
if you could give me
John's last name,
for the record.
Sure.
I can confirm it for you.
It means you go first.
Understood the meaning.
And since we're, uh,
being all open and honest here,
Richard, how does the IRS
get that picture
of me and my kid?
Has something happened to him?
What is this all about?
You're not IRS, are you?
If you'd like to check
my credentials,
be my guest.
Well, I'm sorry
to bother you, Officer.
Have a good night.
You watching him?
He's at his station,
doing his thing.
John X, aka Peter Quinn,
is about to get a call
from the mother of his child.
Hello?
What did he look like, this man?
No.
No, don't worry about it.
You did fine.
I got to go.
Is Carrie still here?
Yeah.
I got to go deal
with some personal
admin bullshit for 30 minutes.
Can you cover for me?
Me, cover for you?
It's 30 minutes--
no big deal.
Sure, not a problem.
You got him?
He took a bus.
East.
He's a slippery bastard.
He just got off.
He, uh...
he ditched his jacket
and put on a hat.
Now he's getting on another bus.
He's, um...
he's talking to someone.
Hmm.
Where have you been?
You look wasted.
I'm just old.
You'll get there
sooner than you think.
See you at game time.
Max is on him.
So he met some guy
on a city bus?
You know him?
Dar Adal.
Dar Adal?
That's Dar Adal?
That's him.
In the flesh.
I knew him 18 years ago,
when I ran company missions
we don't talk about
into Somalia,
from Nairobi Station.
If Quinn reports to a guy
like Dar Adal,
he's no more an analyst
than I'm in Hair Club for Men.
So what's he really doing
on this task force?
I don't know.
You're early.
You're welcome.
FBI liaison,
two operations officers
from the Special Ops group.
The rest is in the memo.
Carrie already in position?
Since 6:00 a.m.
Along with two follow teams
across from
Roya Hammad's building.
Waiting for her
to get on the move.
- Tac team?
- Two blocks off.
We sure it's just
Roya in this cell?
What about the other three
in the, uh, news team?
Here she comes.
Apart from a DWI
and a minor drug charge,
they check out,
but until we know for sure,
everyone's a terrorist.
We're moving.
Black Town Car.
Plate number L484K7.
We got eyes on her news van?
Rolling follow team.
The camera crew just pulled in
to a restaurant two miles
north of Dam Neck.
Van's clean so far.
Morning.
How is everybody today?
Holding up.
- Right, guys?
- Guess what.
I just got clearance for you
to give Congressman Brody
a call on the satellite phone.
He could probably
use a call now,
and we figured you'd
want to check in
and let him know
that you're all doing fine.
Okay, great.
Just family talk, though.
"Hi. How are you?"
That sort of thing.
No mention of the CIA, please.
Hello?
Hey, Dad.
It's me, Chris.
He knows it's you, dorko.
What's going on?
Just eating breakfast.
Uncle Mike made
huevos rancheros.
Great. Say hi to him.
Dad says hi.
So, uh, are we getting
out of here soon?
Sure, real soon.
This place is so cool.
Hey, listen, that's great.
I'm just running out to work.
Can I have a quick word
with your sister?
Sure.
Bye, Dad.
Bye, Chris.
Talk to your father.
Dana!
Brody.
Hey.
You okay?
Yeah, I'm fine, Jess.
Where's Dana?
I don't want to.
She's, um...
still sleeping.
Well, give her a kiss for me.
Yeah.
Tell her I love her.
She knows.
What about you?
You okay?
Brody, can you tell me
anything about
what's happening,
what you're doing?
Only that I'm glad
you guys are safe.
And it's all going to be
over real soon,
and we'll get back
to the way we were.
She's entering the restaurant.
She's at a window counter
with her camera crew,
where she has a line of sight
with the news van.
Looks like she's
ordering breakfast.
Where's he going?
Liaison with the FBI
in the field.
FBI liaison?
An analyst?
He's wearing two hats today.
Go.
All call sites, stand by.
Possible bogey.
Wait out. Wait out.
Blue SUV.
Fits the description of the one
Brody saw Sandman
get into yesterday.
Unknown number of passengers.
Is Nazir in it?
I can't tell.
The windows are tinted.
I can't see inside.
Now they're just
sitting there, waiting.
Who's really running
this operation, David?
Excuse me?
You or Dar Adal?
And Quinn.
Who is he really?
What are his orders?
He's here
to kill terrorists, Saul.
Just like all of us.
Stand by.
There's movement.
Okay. Okay.
The first person
out of the vehicle
is Nazir's munitions guy.
Stand by.
And three I don't recognize.
One more still in the van
who I can't see.
They're opening the back
of the news van.
They're moving what looks
like camera batteries.
Now they're doing something
at the rear
of the vehicle
which I-I can't see.
They're switching
the camera batteries.
If that's the device,
it's at least 200 pounds.
Tac One, Tac Two,
Tac Three, move now. Over.
Show me your hands! FBI!
Bogey on the move.
Intercept.
Got him.
Going in to confirm it's Nazir.
Stand by.
Waiting for confirmation
of Nazir.
Show me his face.
It's not him.
It's-it's not Abu Nazir.
Sandman is not here.
We do not have Sandman.
Stand down.
You still need him.
I say again--
stand down.
What the hell
are you doing here?
Watching your back.
We got them, Brody.
Your information was good.
Got them all?
All but Nazir.
He's still out there.
So, believe it or not,
I am your best friend
in the world right now.
Sync and corrections by n17t01
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org